## 作文思路刷题练习


### 素材1 - TPO1
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

At universities and colleges, sports and social activities are just as important as classes and libraries and should receive equal financial support.

Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

#### 答题思路


### 素材2
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ?

An effective leader should try to make others feel they are parts of a decision.

#### 答题思路
1. Making others take part in making a decision can improve and perfect the decision.
2. Making others take part in makeing a decision can uplift employees'sense of resposibility and enhance team cohesion.
3. Making others take part in makeing a decision can raise work efficiency and avoid digressions.

### 素材3
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ?

It is as important for older people to study and learn new things as it is for young people.

#### 答题思路
人物的情感，科技的今昔对比带来的便利
1. Learning new things is essential for older people's mental health.
2. Learning new things can make old people's life more conveninent.
3. Learning new things enables old people to shorten the generation gap with the young generation.


### 素材4
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ?

People living in big cities are more satisfied than those living in the countryside.

#### 答题思路
1. Life in big cities is more conveninent.
2. People can enjoy better educational resources.
3. Advanced medical equipment ensures citizen's health

### 素材5
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement ?

Teaching is harder than it was in the past.

#### 答题思路
disagree
1. The development of multimedia technology makes teaching easier nowadays.
2. More parents attach much importance to education and become coopertive.
3. People have more sense of studying well nowadays.
