## 写作模版
#### 开头

Currently, the importance of historical education has loomed up wide public concern.

While some people link history to university education duo to historical experiences, some others hold that students who are not history major take few benefit to be taught history.

There is no consensus over which one is superior to another, but rather that both probably include some truth.

Individual, I side with the former view.

For starter, allowing children to avoid the same mistaka the past

#### 开头
When it comes to whether parents should be involved in their children's school assignment, opinions vary among educators. Some may argue it is imperative that parents step aside and let their children finish their own job, while others hold an opposite view. Personally, I side with the former view.

For starters, allowing children to complete their school work on their own helps cultivate their independence.

Additionally, less parental involvement in school works ensures a good feedback to the teachers.

#### 范文
With the rapid development of education and civilization, higher education in the university has so much involved in our life that it is tough to imagine living without it.
> With the rapid development of education and civilization, higher education in the university has so much involved in our life that it is tough to imagine living without it.

At present, whether taking compulsory history courses in the university is a boon or bane is still open to debate.
> Currently, the importance of history courses in the university has loomed up wide public concern.

Some people claim that no matter what their field of study is, the students in the university should be required to take history courses.
> Some people claim that xxxx,

However, as far as I am concerned, I tend to disagree with this statement due to the financial burden, the limited study time, and the career plan in the long term.
> However, as far as I am concerned, I tend to disagree with this statement duo to Reason.1, Reason.2, and Reason.3

-----------------------------------------------
To begin with, the primary reason is that myriads of students are facing with the huge burden of educational fees, such as tuition, living cost, house rent, etc. It is manifest that the extra history course will add up the tuition fees. While there are lots of students have to do some part-time job to earn their own tuition fee, the unnecessary history course will be a disaster for them when they have to extend their working hours to earn more money. Besides, the limited money which could be used in the academic study like buying the textbook, or taking summer camp, now has to spend in the irrelevant course which just required in the university.

> To begin with, the primary reason is that A
> It is manifest that A will ..
> While 原先，有了A会怎样；Besides, A还会

-----------------------------------------------
Moreover, a second factor that should be taken into serious consideration is the history class is too time-consuming for the students. From 7 a.m. to 9 p.m., most students are hectic with their own study, their research project, and campus activities, some of whom even do not have a rest time for laundry and cleaning. If these occupied students are required to take another class, I seriously doubt that they should just spare their lunch time. __Hence, there is no doubt that the history courses just add more fuel to their busy schedule, which turns into complete chaos.__

> Moreover, a second factor that should be taken into serious consideration is B.
> 没有B的时候，有了B之后
> Hence, there is no doubt that B.


----------------------------------------------
Finally, we should not dismiss that some student is not interested in the history course. Admittedly, the history course can widen and enrich the knowledge of students, considering that history indeed is an erudite field of study. However, if the students do not want to study, to make the situation worse if they just skip all the course, this required history course is just a waste for students, teachers, and the university. Take my personal experience as an example, all the students in China has to take the ideology course which contains all the theory about the Marxism, Maoism and the new methodology that the current government proposed. This course is compulsory all over China, the students are suffering from the huge burden that we should recite and memorize all of this. Some of the students even cannot graduate from college because they could not pass this exam, which creates lots of complaints in the students and families.

> Finally, we should not dismiss that C.
> Admittedly, 让步肯定
> However, if ... C ...
> Take my personal experience as an example, 举个例子，细节给足

--------------------------------------------
In conclusion, as fully explicated above, it is the students'choice of future that really make a big difference. We should not force the student to take a history course if they do not want to. Only in this way can we have an opportunity to obtain a good future.

> In conclusion, as fully explicated above, it is XX
