## 高分范文
### Task1
#### 题目
    Imagine you have been offered jobs by two different companies at the same rate of pay. One of the companies will provide you with many interesting and challenging projects to work on, but it offers very few vacation days. The job at the other company does not seem very interesting or challenging, but offer more vacation days.

    Which job would you prefer and why?Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

#### Sample

    If I were offered two jobs at the same rate of pay, I would select one with interesting and challenging projects but few vacation days over a boring position that has more vacation days. I feel that since more of a person's time is spent at work than on vacation, a rewarding position provides greater overall satisfaction.

    The main reason to take a vacation is to have a break from routine and seek new things to occupy the mind, but when the work is challenging and interesting, there is less of need for breaks. If a person hates his monotonous job, he craves vacations derive any sense of satisfaction or fulfillment from it, and sadly, he may be unable to completely enjoy the vacation because he dreads returning to the dreary position. When a person has a rewarding job, every day is fascinating and there is no need to seek excitement elsewhere. The job itself is engaging enough that the person doesn't feel compelled to go to a new place just to find food for thought. Therefore, there is less need for vacation days in a job that is challenging.

    An interesting and challenging job also makes daily life more fun and rewarding. A person who has a boring job often finds himself merely counting down days until he can escape because there is nothing else to think about. By contrast, a person with a challenging job derives deep satisfaction from the work. Although intangible, the daily smiles and confidence from an interesting job are priceless. It is possible to happily live from day to day and enjoy simple pleasures, and the satisfaction carries to a vacation if the person happens to take one. Compare the emotions of a person with a boring job and a person with a challenging job get up and have coffee before going to work. The person with the boring job keeps looking at his watch, wishing he had more time to relax, whereas the person with the interesting job sips his coffee and enjoys the aroma, excited that in a few minutes he can head to an exciting new adventure. The actions are the same but the state of mind is completely different.

    Since vacations are a method of escaping routine, there is not much need for a vacation when the routine is satisfying and one which you don't want to escape. Therefore, I think it is much better to enjoy the pleasures of everyday life and have a challenging, interesting job than trudge through the agonies of an unfulfilling job just because it offers more vacation days.

#### 词语积累
- at the same rate of 相同
- overall satisfaction 整体满意度
- less of a need for XXX   不需要XXX
- monotonous job  单调的、毫无变化的工作
- derive XXX from YYY   从YYY中获得XXX
- count down days   度日如年
- head to   走向，前往
- the state of mind  心理状态
- a method of escaping routine  逃离日常琐碎的一种方式
- trudge through    步履艰难地走，艰难跋涉




### Task 2
#### 题目
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?It is better to relax by watching a movie or reading a book than by doing physical exercise.Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

#### Sample
Although it may seen counterintuitive, I think it is better to relax by doing physical exercise than by watching a movie or reading a book. Most people want to relax because they are dealing with some types of stress, so it is better to equip the body to cope with the problem rather than just distract the mind for a few minutes.

Reading or watching a show is only useful because it stops you from thinking about problems or the source of stress. However, once the show is over you put down the book, nothing has changed. You have gained no tools for coping with the problem. You only are able to evade the cause for an hour or watching, you may even feel worse or develop a low self-image, thinking that you are overweight or lazy. If your body has not been moving, you may find it harder to sleep, and a long night of tossing and turning will leave you drained both mentally and physically. Physical activity allows you to concentrate on what you are doing the way reading or watching a movie does, but it dose much more than just distract you.

Some people may say that exercise makes you tired rather than relaxed, but it is important to remember that physical activity could include a long stroll through a neighborhood, a pleasant bike ride on even terrain, or a refreshing swim. You do not have to run a marathon or spend hours lifting heavy weights to derive serious benefits. Physical exercise is a long-term remedy for stress because it gets the blood circulating, which in turn helps remove toxins from your body, generate endorphins that improve emotions, and contribute to better sleep. These effects result in a healthier body and mind. Granted you may be tired, but proper exercise will leave you feeling strong and flexible rather than sore. When your body is operating at full capacity, you are better able to make decisions and evaluate problems. In other words, you do not just feel good from exercising, but are also more able to cope with the source of the stress.

Since physical exercise not only distracts you from thinking about a problem but also improves your health and better equips you to solve the problem, it is a more effective method of relaxation than reading a book or watching a movie.

#### 积累
- cope with 处理，应付
- put down the book 放下书
- evade the cause  逃避问题
- tossing and turning 辗转反侧，翻来覆去难以入睡
- a long stroll 长时间的散步
- even terrain 平坦的地面
- life heavy weights 举起重物
- a long-term remedy 长效疗法
- Granted you may be tired 就算你会累
- at full capacity 以全部力量

### Task 3
#### 题目
Some people have ambitious dreams and keep pursuing them, but other people always focus on realistic goals and try to achieve them. Which do you think is better and why?

#### Sample
I believe it is better to pursue an ambitious dream than it is to focus only on realistic goals. Having a big dream in mind provides the motivation to move ahead. If a person merely focuses on realistic goals, this may pigeon hole him or her into a career that feels unsatisfying. Ambitious dreaming is better because it keeps a person passionate about his or her success, constantly motivated and moving, and leads to better quality of living.

Success just for the sake of money and approval from others can feel hollow. Some people are able to perform a job that they aren't passionate about so that they can get a paycheck. Others want to make their families proud or crave praise for their hard work. These are all worthy reasons to focus on realistic success, but they are not necessarily self-fulfilling. This can lead to unhappiness, uncertainty in one's choices, and worst of all, regret. I want a career that will energize and fuel me, so I can reach the top of my potential. This is especially true with careers in the arts. Passionately taking on the role of artist feels like a part of one's identity. This makes people feel more connected to their success, and more in control of their life and happiness.

Focusing on realistic goals can feel stagnant. For example, I was in line for a full-time managerial promotion at retail store where I worked. While it would have felt good to move up and get a raise —— a realistic form of success —— I stopped myself. My big dream is to be a writer, so instead of taking the promotion, I quit in order to apply to jobs that I really wanted and focus on improving my writing. While getting that realistic success of a promotion would have been good in terms of money, I did not want to feel stuck in a job that had me stray away from my dream. This was not a job I wanted, and my ambition encouraged me to step out of what felt like a trap.

Doing something one doesn't love day after day can take its toll on a person. In only focusing on realistic goals, a person may find him or herself in what is known as a "dead end job." This means topping out before really hitting a satisfying and meaningful point in a career. When one feels disconnected from their job, this can lead to unnecessary stress and even depression. The only way to escape from this type of job is to completely start over in some cases. This can be daunting, and many people from this, only by pursuing their larger ambitions. For example, often when I am watching Food Network, star chefs tell their stories about past mental health problems and even terrible addictions. Once they finally began to pursue their true passion as chefs, their lives completely turned around and they found success. It is stories like this that really solidify my belief in dreaming big.

Only focusing on what is realistic at the time can lead to unhappiness in one's career. Things change, opportunities arise, and although taking risks in your career and lead to setbacks, they can also lead to great opportunity. If a person work shard and consistently pursues a passion, I believe he or she will find success that is fulfilling and meaningful.

#### 词句积累
the motivation to move ahead    向前的动力
feel hollow   感到空虚
self-fulfilling 自我实现
reach the top of one's potential 发挥至极致
stagnant 停滞不前的
stray away from one's dream   脱离某人的梦想
unnecessary stress and even depression 没有必要的压力甚至是压抑
solidify one's belief   坚定...的信念


### Task 4
#### 题目
Some people believe that the media (for example, television, radio, newspaper, or internet news sources) are less concerned nowadays with presenting accurate facts than they were in the past; these people argue that the media today often present incorrect information about news stories and that this causes problems for the public.

Do you agree or disagree with this view? Why or why not?

Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

#### Sample
I believe that reliable news sources still try their best to present  accurate facts to the best if their ability, However, the reality of opinion-based news analysis, the rise of unreliable news on the internet, and the decline of print media have added to the public's false perceptions regarding current news and politics at large.

Some media companies tend to embellish and frame stories to match their major points of view. This is especially apparent television and radio news. While the information a news caster presents may technically be factual, they will often insert personal opinions into their analysis of these facts. Large media corporations also will omit facts as a way of protecting a certain image of a powerful person, or protecting a set of beliefs. For example, right-wing leaning news might show coverage of President Trump's stances on immigration policy and refer to him as "tough," "strong," and willing to do anything to get the job done. On the other hand, left-wing news coverage of President Trump's immigration policies recently have been focusing on the cruelty of separating families and have taken an emotional, humanitarian approach. While the facts being presented are true, both sides have their own opinions about the set of events that will guide viewers in how to form their opinions.

The main problem with this recent barrage of fake news comes from the saturation of news website publications. While some news websites are connected to reliable media companies, many are less concerned with news, and more concerned with getting clicks to make money. This phenomenon has been referred to as "clickbait." These news sites spread information primarily via social media, and thrive off of sensationalized headlines and false stories. The "clickbait" news website InfoWars is most know for spreading false information regarding "crisis actors" - or child actors planted by the left to make up school shootings in order to elicit tougher gun control. This is  a totally outrageous claim, but people are taking it to be fact because it's being presented as news. It is important to check news sources as well as double check facts, so as not to fall into this trap.

Major print newspaper tend to be the most factual form if news media as they focus mostly on stating facts, and less about analysis of the news. The physical permanency of news print places an emphasis on print. Unfortunately, less and less people are reading print, and more getting their news strictly from Facebook and Twitter. This makes people more likely to digest news that is less factual, and the general public has become more susceptible to believing false news.

All in all, I believe there is still an attempt being made by passionate journalists to provide accurate facts. Real, true objective news is difficult to come by. Television news relies heavily on news analysis that often includes an opinion - based element. Every story has a frame that reflects the writer or news websites are popping up to get clicks and make money. It is up to the public to be smart and critical about the information that media - outlets are presenting to them.

#### 词句积累
- To the best of their ability. 尽他们最大的能力
- false perceptions regarding XXX 关于XXX的错误观念
- at large 整体上，一般来说
- insert personal opinions into their analysis	把个人观点插入他们的分析中
- barrage of fake news	接二连三的假消息
- sensationalized headlines	令人耸人听闻的标题
- elicit tougher gun control	引出更加严格的枪支管控（政策）
- fall into this trap 落入陷阱
- place an emphasis on	强调
- make XXX more accountable for YYY 让XXX对YYY更加负责任
- become more susceptible to	更容易收到…的影响
- pop up 涌现出来
- get clicks 获取点击量

### Task 5
#### 题目
Some people prefer to play sports within a group, while others prefer to do exercise alone. Which one do you prefer and why. (20180623 CN 题目未必完全准确，大意相同)

#### Sample
While I consider myself an athletic person and someone who likes to watch sports, I have never gotten very far with playing team sports. I have, however, found rewarding success in individual sports. I prefer individual sports to team sports for thress main reasons - I never feel left behind, there isn't anyone to hold me back, and I get to choose when and to what degree I am competitive. In these ways, I find individual sports to be more fun and empowering than team sports.

Being able to go at your own pace is a major advantage in individual sports. With running, for instance, I can track my personal goals, and work to achieve better speed and endurance without added pressure. The ability to go at my own pace and feel in control of my workout session leads to a feeling of personal empowerment. When I played soccer, I often felt that I was falling behind my teammates in the training sessions, and therefore unable to support them to the best of my ability. While this desire to play catch up motivates some, it frustrated me, and discouraged me to the point that I quit. Additionally, with individual sports you are your own coach. You don't have to deal with someone yelling at you or stressing you out if you're not performing as well as others. Sports should be fun!

On the other side of the coin, with individual sports, you won't ever feel like others are holding you back from your full potential. Finding a team that goes exactly at your pace is a difficult task, in either direction. For me, the sport I am best at is skiing. When I ski, I feel free; it is why I love the sport. No one is holding me back from going as fast as I can. When I travel to the ski resort with my sister, there is no issue in me leaving her behind in the dust (or snow powder). I can also choose whichever level track I'd like to try, and there's no one to say "No, we need to practice this easy track more before we move up to the harder track." Sometimes I make mistakes and try to tackle a hill that is too steep. It may not be graceful, but I always make it down the hill. I feel both proud of myself for tackling a goal, while also becoming motivated to do a better job next time.

Some people argue that individual sports remove the competitive nature from sports. I disagress. Individual sports can be just as rigorous and rewarding as team sports in terms of healthy competition. Let's take tennis for example. In a battle against a tennis opponent, you still feel the rush of competition. There is a scoreboard just like any team sport. Likewise, with running, public races and track meets are held to award the very best in each division. This sort of competition keeps individual sports increasingly challenging, while also encouraging participants that need that competitve edge as motivation. This is best part of all: if competition isn't your thing, you aren't ever foced into it.

While successful teamwork is highly rewarding, it can be just as rewarding to focus on yourself and your goals. At the end of the day, you are happy to win with your team because you are proud of the role you played within the team. I believe that individual sports do not detract from that same type of happiness. You still get to celebrate your physically prowess - just on your own terms.

#### 词句积累
- find rewarding success in something 在...感受到回报
- at one's own pace  以...自己的节奏
- on the other side of the coin  另一方面
- hold sb. back from something  阻止某人..., 阻碍某人....
- detract from something   减损...


### Task 6
#### 题目
In order to adapt to the life in university and succeed, if you are a freshman, which method do you think is better:

1. Attending a one-week orientation or introduction program when you are in the university campus and before classes begin.

2. Meeting regularly in your first year with students in your major field who have entered the university for several years. (20180610 CN)

#### Sample
When entering a new university, first year students may face an array of issues and new experiences. Learning to properly navigate these experience is a large factor in academic advancement. While meeting regularly with older students in my major field of study is highly useful, I believe that attending a week long orientation program is the best method to adapt freshmen successfully to university life. These programs help a student network with trained mentors, provide answers to questions outside of academia, and pave the wat for lasting friendships with peers.

Networking can be difficult. Orientation programs and introduction programs cover a lot of that footwork already. Most orientations are primarily student lead. This means that older students are giving the tours, running the workshops, and helping incoming freshmen choose classes. While one can reach out to older students in their field, tracking down students who are eager to help out might be difficult. The older students taking part in the orientation program chose to be orientation leaders and are trained to be as helpful as possible. They are there as mentors.

Academics aren't the only side to attending a university. A lot of the time, incoming freshmen aren't even sure what they want to major in when they first start school. Orientation programs are tailored to teach incoming students specifically about freshman life. The student leaders given them dorm tips, show them study techniques, and can answer any questions they have ranging from "Where do I do my laundry?" to "How does the student meal plan work?" These leaders work to make the transition as seamless as possible for incoming students, so when the freshmen move in to their new home, they can focus on their studies.

With orientation programs, freshmen will make real friendships, not just mentoring relationships. They are grouped with students who are also new to the university environment, around the same age, and who have similar academic skill levels. These are people who they can talk to about stress and share concerns comfortably. Having a core group of good friends when starting college is, in my opinion, the most crucial component to academic progress. Away from home, freshmen might begin to feel homesick and desire support when the course load gets stressful. Friends can help with study group, stress relieving laugher, and will lend a listening ear when needed.

Because orientation programs are structured to help incoming freshman with course work as well as social life, I believe them to be more useful than simply talking academics with an older student. With orientation programs, freshmen will be handed into the care of student mentors who are eager to help them along their road of success across many facets. After all, a sound, comfortable living situation is essential to achieving good marks in classes.

#### 词句积累
- an array of issues 一系列问题
- navigate  理解
- reach out to older students  接触学长
- make the transition as seamless as possible  让过度无缝连接
- feel homesick  想家
- the course load gets stressful.  学业变重
