## 口语素材积累


### 单句
  - 情绪
      > It's like a kid in a candy store.

      > It probably would just be more of the same thing.

      > So one day I beefed up and decided it was now or never.

      > It is not until you fall that you fly.

### 段子
  - 职业
      > sb. regularly face failure and setbacks, and yet they persevere.
      Because they know that in XXX, failure can often teach us as much as success.
      sb. hold tight to the belief that what they learn will one day add up to something that changes the world.

  - 职业
      > One of my hobbies is playing basketball. I am a member in our school team. The reason why I enjoy playing basketball is that, it is not only a way to achieve some exercise, but also to make more friends. I have made a bunch of good buddies in our basketball club. Once I get time, I always gathered them to play for a while. Great way to get some relax from our study. Last year, I got the opportunity to attend the university basketball competition. This is one of the most memorable experience that I have ever had. It was held in a large gymnasium in our school which can obtain over 1000 people. We often practice in the basketball court there because it is well-equipped and quite spacious. Our team cooperated well that day, and we won the game.

      > One of my hobbies is playing a mobile game named Ingress. Ingress is considered to be a location-based exergame. I am a member in our local gamer team. The reason why I enjoy playing Ingress is that, it is not only a way to motivate you to move   the destination, but also to make friends with people who have the different background.

      Once I get time, I always ride my bike with my friends to play this game around the city. Great way to get some relax from our study. Last year, I got the opportunity to attend an offline activity named the Mission Day in Wuxi. This is one of the most memorable experience that I have ever had. It had set up 18 missions in the whole city, include many famous sceneries. We 
